I etched the face
of a stopwatch
On the back of a raindrop
And did a swap for the sand
in an hourglass
I heard an unhappy ending
It sort of sounds like you leaving
I heard the piledriver waltz
It woke me up this morning
You look like
you've been for breakfast
At the heartbreak hotel
And sat in the back booth
by the
Pamphlets and the literature
on how to lose
Your waitress was miserable
and so was your food
If you're gonna try
and walk on water
Make sure you wear
your comfortable shoes
Mysteries flashing amber
go green when you answer
But the red on the rest
of the questionnaire
Never changes
I heard the news
that you're planning
To shoot me out of a cannon
I heard the piledriver waltz
It woke me up this morning
You look like you've
been for breakfast
At the heartbreak hotel
And sat in the back booth
by the
Pamphlets and the literature
on how to lose
Your waitress was miserable
and so was your food
If you're gonna try
and walk on water
Make sure you wear
your comfortable shoes
Piledriver
Gravei a frente
de um cronómetro
No verso de uma gota
E fiz a troca da areia
numa ampulheta
Ouvi um final infeliz
Pareceu-me o som da tua despedida
Ouvi a valsa do bate-estacas
Acordou-me esta manhã
Tens ar de quem
foi tomar o pequeno-almoço
Ao hotel do desgosto
E se sentou na mesa de trás
ao lado dos
Panfletos e da literatura
sobre perder
A empregada de mesa estava miserável
e a comida também
Se vais tentar
caminhar sobre a água
Certifica-te que levas
sapatos confortáveis
O mistério da luz intermitente
fica verde quando respondes
Mas o vermelho no resto
do questionário
Nunca muda
Ouvi dizer
que fazes planos
Para me disparar de um canhão
Ouvi a valsa do bate-estacas
Acordou-me esta manhã
Tens ar de quem
foi tomar o pequeno-almoço
Ao hotel do desgosto
E se sentou na mesa de trás
ao lado dos
Panfletos e da literatura
sobre perder
A empregada de mesa estava miserável
e a comida também
Se vais tentar
caminhar sobre a água
Certifica-te que levas
sapatos confortáveis
Bate-estacas